we are in the emirates and quillón in puebla puebla
where is the Mesoamerican university and before its club founded in
in this campus and that he teaches the degree in performing arts and if
contemporary essences
and to know more about this career we talked with the director of the
Bachelor the teacher July supports him
given the degree in arts
although assists against israel
we investigate
the pulque in the network
degree
because there is demand
because in Mexico
it fails very few
who proposed it
peralta that already the race
10 30 h
how it has evolved
13 James Cameron
well yes the psoe spokesperson that is usually said with latin america exist
but none has a bachelor's degree in the first one in the america then it is
necessary
quinn the Mexican government sum
a responsible policy regarding art first
and second
includes within its structures artistic education stress
Then we are the first school as such in Mexico Mexico
many relatives
in we are a country of tenerife
We must be
professionals doomed to a street circus like no other affiliate like why
it happened
do not leave overnight
portugal has theater-dance ictu disciplines more grow without answering
acro assassins in order to inform and from the fifth quarter this by
example for the world
I wanted to deserve what they want to do
for the rest of his life
once they have learned
the inter and the immense
besides creating percent
they start I do not think it's going to be a bomb
sports
hook was going to be a bambuco firefighter before hacienda painted this tournament that his
thirteen
That is so difficultt
the mother of all the arts because it includes all the performing arts not
we can understand circuses in theater we are going to have biases and music
we can understand his little things then there is no artistic expression that includes
the irec of an inter injury has and globalize as a hundred
therefore it is the Costa Rican because not only not of the arts of the circus if
I had to own try a lot of arts
unlike the other performing arts
it is spoken in plural no and that is why it has been dismissed because yesterday
is the approval of others is the balance and by juggling the art
Clown
I'm fine the circuit and it was also linked to the animal
according to the sipri a source of the sector
it was the slab
therefore we in principle
we are not against
what we saw this time in favor are also foods
disappear them
it does not seem like a serious historical mistake
for that level of bonding three horacio brothers
with the motto that was consecrated
they still live
a child is born in the circle of years
similar index that Cristóbal needed
and what he can not do on the track because small is doing it
He kept saying because he had to draw the letter
that kept
six kids hello guillén that will be invited to the skin is a hard trance and
I wish holland maarten st surrounded and that is yes it has
at eight years of age without having made his debut yet on the track was a
formal invitation process
they would not have been programmed to the distance in donations
We paid a visit to his most vázquez couple to find out what life was like
its participants
and scam with what we are
cupcakes the name of the roasted park
that makes his number in the circus brothers vázquez he is from chile
in its original souto mixes comedy, music and dance during a
interval and without wig he told us that he also comes from a family of
circus are seven generations
It's my third stop of the bird
5 of the time when the 112
blessed of eu
all of spain is talking about a long time ago that
for my profession in the blood
I am nazi
This is also what Jorge Alberto Vázquez, nephew of the founders of the
circus brothers vázquez
it leaves the audience speechless when it flies through the air at will
different trades juggling is a very treacherous act and to whom
it requires a lot of skill and dexterity
and is not always doing the act with different gonzález simply
have fun
m the island for the people so that people are now I have to stay